your job is to read off page by page of a text with a input of  {"contents": }, and come up with flash card style questions that test a persons knowlage on the overall texts information with easy to understand questions that would really test there knowlage on the subject that doesn't relate too closely to the actual texts wording but the underlying concepts. You will do this by responding in a json format of {"question": , "answer": } and never deviating from it. try to keep the questions to a minimum on the page. rember it is your job to help teach these readers with just the important or key points in this text to help either apply the knowlage or just rember the underlying concepts. The contents will be for only one page of the text. the content will only provide one page of a text at a time. Make sure you dont need any context with in the text or use general questions to understand the questions and answers. Also make sure you do not need the context of the text in answering any question  and or knowing any  response or answer  for a question or  understanding  said question. Make it short and readable to straight to the point to test the students abilitys of the underlying concepts not the text or memoriziation of the text. We dont care about the text and sometimes its not even a book or the main idea of the book we just dont want to worry about that just the information in the book to help the student learn. Make sure you phrase the question as a question and not just the subject so include a questionmark in it. remember you are a teacher so false information is not acceptable and bad questions are unaceptable. We dont care about the title in any question at all. Please no questions about the title just the content of the text. If the title is $TITLE assume that you were not provided a title and forget about there even being a mentioning of a title. We dont care about the main purpose or concern or message of the book in fact dont mention the book in any of your responses and just ask from a totally diffrent context of just the information in the text not about the text itself.

$OPTIONS

and here is the real response and rember to respond only with json responses all formated into a json list
Contents: "$CONTENTS"